.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2012 J.H.M. Dassen (Ray) <jdassen@debian.org>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH LASEM 1 "2012-12-30" lasem "GNOME"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.de URL
\\$2 \(laURL: \\$1 \(ra\\$3
..
.if \n[.g] .mso www.tmac
.SH NAME
lasem-render-0.4 \- render MathML or SVG using Lasem

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlasem-render-0.4\fR [\fIOPTION...\fR] \fIinputfile\fR

.\".SH CONFIGURATION

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B lasem-render-0.4
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBlasem-render-0.4\fP is a program that renders a MathML or SVG file in
one of several output formats.

.SH OPTIONS

This program follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output
Output filename
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-format
Output format. Currently supported formats are
.BR "svg" " (Scalable Vector Graphics), "
.BR "pdf" " (Portable Document Format), "
.BR "ps"  " (PostScript), "
.BR "png" " (Portable Network Graphics)."
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-ppi
Pixel per inch
.TP
.B \-z, \-\-zoom
Zoom
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-debug
Debug domains

.\".SH EXIT STATUS
.\".SH RETURN VALUE
.\".SH ERRORS
.\".SH FILES
.\".SH VERSIONS
.\".SH CONFORMING TO
.\".SH NOTES
.\".SH EXAMPLE

.SH LICENSE
\fBlasem-render-0.4\fR is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

For information on this license look at the source code that came with the
software or see the
.URL "http://www.gnu.org" "GNU project page" .

.SH AUTHORS
\fBlasem-render-0.4\fR's primary author is Emmanuel Pacaud
<emmanuel@gnome.org>.

The initial version of this manpage was written by J.H.M. Dassen (Ray)
<jdassen@debian.org>.

.SH SEE ALSO
.URL "https://live.gnome.org/Lasem" "The Lasem homepage" .

.URL "http://blogs.gnome.org/emmanuel/category/lasem/" "Blog entries on Lasem" .

Wikipedia,
.URL "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MathML" "MathML" .

Wikipedia,
.URL "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scalable_Vector_Graphics" "Scalable Vector Graphics" .
